Improve filter documentation (#273)
livingdocsIO/livingdocs: reference-docs/editor-configuration/menu-and-dashboards.md

# Search Filters

![Search filters](search-filters.png)

## Overview

Filters on a dashboard are highly customisable in Livingdocs.

> - One can define the order of filters in a dashboard (`displayFilters`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- One can define filters in a dashboard (`displayFilters`)
```

> - One can use core filter or custom filter registered over the editors `coreApi` in the `displayFilters`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- One can use core filters provided by Livingdocs or custom filters registered over the editors `coreApi` in the `displayFilters`.
```

- `contentType`: uses the content-types configuration in your server to filter for different content-types, e.g. galleries or regular articles.
- `category`: uses the channel configuration for categories to offer a multi-select box to filter for categories (OR filter)

## Filter Query Format

There are different places, where one can define a filter query
- baseFilters (dashboard property)

> - defaultQueries (filter group property)

Reviewer: filter group property, am unsure what that means, see the comment below

- emptySearchQueries (filter group property)

> - custom filter (your own filter added to `displayFilters`)

Reviewer: Can we add a small description of each filter-type? That makes it easier to understand what they are used for

For example (maybe a bit rewritten and shorter):
```
- `baseFilters`
The configuration also allows you to set `defaultQueries`. Those are hidden search queries that are appended to each search query of the user.
```
